opt out of bottleneck for nanmean (#47716)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.5.0.rst

- Bug in operations with array-likes with ``dtype="boolean"`` and :attr:`NA` incorrectly altering the array in-place (:issue:`45421`)
- Bug in division, ``pow`` and ``mod`` operations on array-likes with ``dtype="boolean"`` not being like their ``np.bool_`` counterparts (:issue:`46063`)
- Bug in multiplying a :class:`Series` with ``IntegerDtype`` or ``FloatingDtype`` by an array-like with ``timedelta64[ns]`` dtype incorrectly raising (:issue:`45622`)

> - Bug in :meth:`mean` where the optional dependency ``bottleneck`` causes precision loss linear in the length of the array. By falling back to numpy the loss is now log-linear (:issue:`42878`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`mean` where the optional dependency ``bottleneck`` causes precision loss linear in the length of the array. ``bottleneck`` has been disabled for :meth:`mean` improving the loss to log-linear but may result in a performance decrease. (:issue:`42878`)
```
